Add documentation for Custom timeframe on Monitors (#9140)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/monitor_types/outlier.md

### Set alert conditions

* Trigger a separate alert for each outlier `<GROUP>`

> * during the last `5 minutes`, `15 minutes`, `1 hour`, ... or `custom` to set a value between 1 minute and 24h

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* during the last `5 minutes`, `15 minutes`, `1 hour`, etc. or `custom` to set a value between 1 minute and 24 hours.
```
